Master, I'm sorry
I, I, I don't know, I don't know Tarzan.
You don't remember villains better than you do adults
Please forgive me.
I didn't expect you to be really a mountain club person
If I remember correctly
What did you just say?
If I were the Huaxing Chamber of Commerce, would you kill me?
No no no no no no hahaha
Can we have some fun?
Hahaha, how can I afford it?
Hey, young master, my son doesn't know anything.
If he offends you
Here I apologize to you for him
Apologize to you
You treat us as a fart
Forget it just now
Who asked me to come down?
Isn't it quite arrogant?
Master He, my son is a little bastard, he doesn't know anything
He offended you.
Don't get to know him in general.
three things
Looking for you this time
Next time
Mr. Yang Hong
Somebody take them out to me